  The idea Theseus' ship is also known as Theseus’s paradox. Theseus owns a ship, then he removes and replaces every part from the ship, when
he replaces every part of his ship, is the ship still the same ship or a new one. How can this paradoxical question apply to the game 
Virus: Bunny Apocalypse? The books give us an example, the water made of hydrogen and oxygen, and hydrogen mostly made of proton, and 
proton made of quarks. Those components made out of thing, it likes the subsystem of the game or subpart of the system, they exist a
particular metastable relationship to each other. The game VIRUS can apply to this idea.
  Virus: Bunny Apocalypse is a game that need whole class of people to play, student in class will be divided into small group of five or 
six, each group has their own role, and the rule is different according to each role they play. It has the political phase, in that phase 
people who work for president can talk to him and get revenue. They must tell the president how the money will be spent and what they do 
last turn or what they gonna do this turn. Then every should do their job. In this game, everyone can anticipate in it. Each role they 
play has different winning condition, in the end who has the highest credit win. It has many kinds of resource, the dead bunny, money, 
credit, the goal of this is to find the cure for the virus. When the cure is finished and it will be selling to different city. This is 
some events that clearly in the game. 
  Virus game has some events that aren’t clearly in game like the out-of-game event, people can negotiate and buy the resource they want. 
When they have a deal, the buyer can pay more money, the seller will promise that when they have the resource the buyer wants, they will 
sell to the buyer instead of other. This can also establish friendship between each other, it will fluence the outcome later. Like, they 
will probably give you more money in order to get the cure. This event can influence the consequence in later game, because scientist need 
the clue for the cure, if they can get the resource as soon as possible they will win at this turn. There are four health organization in 
this game but only the first one develops the cure can win, if they find out the cure at the same time, none of them win. The in-game event
for the scientist is to talk to the president and get money from him. This in-game event can also have the consequence later the game, 
it the president decide to give you more money, you can buy more resource and develop the cure. When a corruption occurs, there will be an 
unbalance system, there will be someone have more money or resource, then the rest of the player can’t get the resource. This the event 
outside the game that effect inside the game.
  The boundary between Virus and real world is hard to identify because they have the similar thing, the event in the game Virus is also 
the event happen in the real world. We can identify the collection of events by its rule, every game has its own rule we can tell that 
it is a game or not, but the event in the real world doesn’t have a rule, so if the similar event occur we can look whether it has a rule
or not. If it has no rule then it is not a game.
